Hello and welcome to
The Complete Python Developer Course.
My name is Tim Buchalka and this guy is
my co-instructor, Jean Paul Roberts.
And we're here to actually help you
become a great Python developer.
We're going to do absolutely
everything in our power to do so.
So please actually watch through to
the end of this video because there's some
important tips on how to get
the most out of this course.
Which ultimately means you can
become a better programmer sooner.
And the other thing to keep in mind is,
particularly in this video,
I also talk about the fact that there's
set up videos for each operating system.
For Windows, for Mac, and for Linux,
so you need to make sure that
you go to the relevant area.
But again,
it's all explained in this video.
So, I'll share over now to the slides and
watch to the end of the video and
then we can actually get started coding So
who are the instructors?
Well firstly, my name is Tim Buchalka and
I've actually been a software
developer for over 30 years.
I'm also the creator of the Android and
Java courses on Udemy
with 34,000 students.
And I've previously worked in software
development for companies like Mitsubishi,
Saab and so on.
I like to also introduce my co instructor,
Jean Paul Roberts and
like myself Jean Paul has been actually
working in the industry for a long time.
He's been a software developer
also actually for 30 years or for
over 30 years, 15 years of that it's
been actually he worked at IBM and
in addition three years
teaching at a University.
So in this course you learn from the best.
We're going to combine 60 plus
years of software development and
teaching experience.
And we know how to help
you succeed with Python.
So another thing to keep in mind here is
the course is constantly being updated.
This is not a static course so.
New content is actually
coming out each week.
So do keep checking back for new content.
That's one of the things that I'm
myself on in previous courses.
Some of my courses had been updated
continually for a period of 12 months.
And you'll find with this course,
we're constantly adding
new content all the time.
So do make sure you check back for
that content So
I'm going to now just give you a few tips
on how to get the most out of this course.
Firstly it is designed
to be done in order.
Section by section, and
we do suggest you take the time to
type in all the code as you go through,
and also complete the challenges.
Now what the challenges are are a
mechanism that's actually built into
the course But we set you a challenge and
you actually go in and
create the code to solve the challenge and
then you can come back and
actually check the solution
with the code on screen.
So we actually show you
our solution as well.
And by doing that you really will
get the most out of this course.
In addition, the other thing to know
is we've actually got sections for
Windows, Mac and Linux.
So depending on your operating
system after watching this video,
you want to go to that relevant
section of the course Which is
basically setting up
the tools that you need.
So again, Windows, Mac and Linux you go to
the relevant section, setup the tools and
then after that you actually
move on to section five.
This is where you actually start coding.
So do that after you've actually set
up the tools in the relevant section.
Section two being for
Windows, section three for
Mac, In section four across Linux.
If you actually need help at any time,
make sure you use the discussions feature
which is part of this course, and
one of us will actually get back
to you as soon as possible.
There's actually a button you can actually
click, and you actually leave a message.
You can leave screen shots,
you can leave And code and so forth and
we will get back to and reply there and
you'll actually be able to get
an answer to any queries that you have.
And the other important thing is that all
the source code we show you, including
the challenges is actually available for
download in the course if you need to.
So sometimes it's a good idea if you can't
get a particular bit of code working
to check our source code which we've
tested and ensured does work and try that,
download that, put that on your computer.
Install it and run it.
And from there you sort of try
figuring out where you actually
went wrong with your code.
It's actually a great way,
a great skill to learn debugging,
which is the concept of actually fixing
errors in programs because that will
make you ultimately a better programmer.
Lastly, I'd like to finish off by saying,
don't give up.
Expect that learning to program
will take time to master, but make
sure you do actually go through and do
all the challenges, type in all the code.
And if you re watch the videos as well.
Sometimes the first time
you watch a video and
learn a particular concept it can stand
to be a little bit overwhelming, but
if you re-watch the video and re-study it
you'll find things become a lot easier.
So keep at it and don't give up, ok so
that's the end of the first
introductory video.
At this time now, move forward to the
relevant section which again is section
two for Windows, section three if
you're on a Mac, and section four
if you are on Linux, and after that keep
to section five and we'll start coding.
Cheers for now